I
he's the biggest he's the reddest and
he's coming your way
hey it's Clifford whoa it's Clifford the
Big Red Dog hello there I don't believe
it
you got to be the biggest dang dog I've
ever seen in his very first film we need
something big something the people have
never seen before it's Clifford's really
big movie join the world's most lovable
dog as he goes on his biggest adventure
ever
then let's get ready to rumble we're not
gonna let you go on a great big
adventure without us hop on board with
Ebola Cleo
maybe she'll be great and a brand new
bagger friend like that's us here is
pretty cute
yeah it's Clifford's really big movie
always with the big the big red dog with
the big red heart is unleashed whoa
but can't laid
Oh Clifford's really big movie woof